.\" (c) Copyright 1994, 1995, Microline Software, Inc.  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
.\"  
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS FURNISHED UNDER A LICENSE AND MAY BE COPIED AND USED 
.\" ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THAT LICENSE AND WITH THE INCLUSION
.\" OF THE ABOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICE.  THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION, AND ITS 
.\" COPYRIGHTS ARE OWNED BY MICROLINE SOFTWARE AND ARE PROTECTED BY UNITED
.\" STATES COPYRIGHT LAWS AND INTERNATIONAL TREATY PROVISIONS.
.\"  
.\" THE INFORMATION IN THIS SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE
.\" AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY MICROLINE SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" THIS SOFTWARE AND REFERENCE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT
.\" WARRANTY AS TO THEIR PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY 
.\" PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT.  MICROLINE SOFTWARE
.\" ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS 
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" MICROLINE SOFTWARE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT. SOME 
.\" STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MIGHT NOT APPLY TO
.\" YOU.
.\" 
.\" MICROLINE SOFTWARE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR SOFTWARE
.\" ALTERED, MODIFIED, OR CONVERTED BY YOU OR A THIRD PARTY, DAMAGES
.\" RESULTING FROM ACCIDENT, ABUSE OR MISAPPLICATION, OR FOR PROBLEMS DUE
.\" TO THE MALFUNCTION OF YOUR EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE NOT SUPPLIED BY
.\" MICROLINE SOFTWARE.
.\"   
.\" U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS
.\" This Software and documentation are provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.
.\" Use, duplication or disclosure by the Government is subject to
.\" restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1) of the Rights in
.\" Technical Data and Computer Software Clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or
.\" subparagraphs (c)(1)(ii) and (2) of Commercial Computer Software -
.\" Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable, supplier is
.\" Microline Software, 41 Sutter St Suite 1374, San Francisco, CA 94104.
.\"
.TH XmLFolder 3X "R1" "XML1" "XML"
.SH NAME
XmLFolder
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <XmL/Folder.h>
.LP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Provides a folder containing tabs along the top, bottom, left or
right and an area managed by the tabs in the center.  Each tab
consists of a Primitive widget surrounded by tab decorations including
an optional pixmap.  Any non-Primitive widget children of the folder
are placed in the center area.  The widgets contained in the tabs
can be assigned a non-Primitive widget to display/manage when the
tab widget is selected.
.SS Class Information
Folder inherits from XmManager, Constraint, Composite and Core. Its
class pointer is xmlFolderWidgetClass.  Its class name is XmLFolder.
.SS New Resources
.nf
.ft B
Name                     Class
 Type                     Default              Access
.ft P
XmNactiveTab             XmCActiveTab
 int                      -1                   G
XmNblankBackground       XmCBlankBackground
 Pixel                    dynamic              CSG
XmNcornerDimension       XmCCornerDimension
 Dimension                3                    CSG
XmNcornerStyle           XmCCornerStyle
 unsigned char            XmCORNER_ARC         CSG
XmNdebugLevel            XmCDebugLevel
 char                     0                    CSG
XmNfontList              XmCFontList
 XmFontList               dynamic              CSG
XmNhighlightThickness    XmCHighlightThickness
 Dimension                2                    CSG
XmNinactiveBackground    XmCInactiveBackground
 Pixel                    dynamic              CSG
XmNinactiveForeground    XmCInactiveForeground
 Pixel                    dynamic              CSG
XmNmarginHeight          XmCMarginHeight
 Dimension                0                    CSG
XmNmarginWidth           XmCMarginWidth
 Dimension                2                    CSG
XmNpixmapMargin          XmCPixmapMargin
 Dimension                2                    CSG
XmNrotateWhenLeftRight   XmCRotateWhenLeftRight
 Boolean                  True                 CSG
XmNspacing               XmCSpacing
 Dimension                1                    CSG
XmNtabCount              XmCTabCount
 int                      0                    G
XmNtabPlacement          XmCTabPlacement
 unsigned char            XmFOLDER_TOP         CSG
XmNtabTranslations       XmCTranslations
 XtTranslations           [focus translations] CG
XmNtabWidgetList         XmCReadOnly
 WidgetList               0                    G
.fi
.IP XmNactiveTab
The position of the currently active tab. The first tab on the
left has a position of 0. If no tab is active, this value equals -1.
.IP XmNblankBackground
The color of the area between tabs, around tabs, and between the
last tab and the edge of the folder.
.IP XmNcornerDimension
If XmNcornerStyle is XmCORNER_LINE, this value is used to determine
the length of the lines that clip the corners of the tabs. The
greater this value is, the longer the corner lines will be. If 
XmNcornerStyle is XmCORNER_ARC, this value is used to determine
the sizes of the arcs in the corners of the tabs. If XmNcornerStyle
is XmCORNER_NONE, this resource has no effect.
.IP XmNcornerStyle
Defines the type of corners on the individual tabs. Possible values:

.nf
     XmCORNER_NONE     /* no corners */
     XmCORNER_LINE     /* corners are beveled */
     XmCORNER_ARC      /* corners are round */
.fi
.IP XmNdebugLevel
If set to a value greater than 0, debugging messages will be
printed to stderr.  When set to 0 (the default) only error
messages will be generated.
.IP XmNfontList
The default font list for tabs created with the XmLFolderAddTab()
functions.  Changing this value does not affect existing widgets.
If this value is NULL, a font list is obtained from the nearest
parent that is a subclass of BulletinBoard, MenuShell, or VendorShell.
.IP XmNhighlightThickness
The thickness of the highlight drawn around the Primitive widget
contained in the active tab. When a Primitive widget is added to
the folder, its highlightThickness is set to 0. The folder is 
responsible for drawing the highlight in the active tab.
This is necessary because if the Primitive widget were allowed
to draw the highlight, it would erase the highlight with
an incorrect color. 
.IP XmNinactiveBackground
The background color of inactive tabs. This value is initially set
to the background color of the folder widget.
.IP XmNinactiveForeground
The foreground color of inactive tabs. This value is initially
set to the foreground color of the folder widget.
.IP XmNmarginHeight
The margin between tab widgets and the top of tabs,
and between tab widgets and the bottom of tabs.
.IP XmNmarginWidth
The margin between tab widgets and the left of tabs,
and between tab widgets and the right of tabs.
.IP XmNpixmapMargin
The margin between the tab widget and any pixmap to its left.
.IP XmNrotateWhenLeftRight
If True, tabs created with the XmLFolderAddTab() functions
will display their text vertically instead of horizontally
if they are placed on the left or right of the folder.  This
occurs when the folder's XmNtabPlacement resource is
XmFOLDER_LEFT or XmFOLDER_RIGHT.  Tabs on the left would have
their text drawn up and tabs on the right would have their
text drawn down.  If False, tabs are left oriented horizontally
regardless of their placement.
.IP XmNspacing
The amount of space between tabs.
.IP XmNtabCount
The number of tabs displayed. 
.IP XmNtabPlacement
Where to place the tabs. Possible values:

.nf
     XmFOLDER_TOP     /* top left to right */
     XmFOLDER_BOTTOM  /* bottom left to right */
     XmFOLDER_LEFT    /* left top to bottom */
     XmFOLDER_RIGHT   /* right top to bottom */
.fi
.IP XmNtabTranslations
The translation table used to augment the translations of
Primitive widgets added to the folder. The folder overrides
the FocusIn and FocusOut translations of its Primitive widget
children allowing it to draw and erase tab highlights.
.IP XmNtabWidgetList
The list of widgets contained inside the tabs. These widgets
are subclasses of XmPrimitive. 
.SS Constraint Resources
Folder defines the following constraint resources.

.nf
.ft B
Name                     Class
 Type                     Default               Access
.ft P
XmNtabFreePixmaps        XmCTabFreePixmap
 Boolean                  False                 CSG
XmNtabInactivePixmap     XmCTabInactivePixmap
 Pixmap                   XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP  CSG
XmNtabManagedWidget      XmCTabManagedWidget
 Widget                   NULL                  CSG
XmNtabPixmap             XmCTabPixmap
 Pixmap                   XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP  CSG
.fi
.IP XmNtabFreePixmaps
If True, the folder will call XFreePixmap on the XmNtabPixmap and
XmNtabInactivePixmap pixmaps when this widget is destroyed.
This value is set to True for tabs created by the
XmLFolderAddBitmapTab() functions.
.IP XmNtabInactivePixmap
The pixmap to appear in the left of the tab when the tab is inactive.
.IP XmNtabManagedWidget
Specifies a widget to be managed when this widget is activated.
When this widget is deactivated, its managed widget will be
unmanaged. This resource allows Manager widgets contained in the 
center of the folder to be attached to tabs, so when a user
selects a tab its attached Manager widget will be displayed on
the screen.
.IP XmNtabPixmap
The pixmap to appear in the left of the tab when the tab is active.
.SS Callback Resources
Folder defines the following callback resources.

.nf
.ft B
Callback               Reason
.ft P
XmNactivateCallback    XmCR_ACTIVATE
.fi
.SS Callback Structure
Each callback function is passed a pointer to the structure shown below.

.nf
   typedef struct            
     {
     int reason;         /* callback reason */
     XEvent *event;      /* event callback or NULL */
     int pos;            /* position of tab to act */
     int allowActivate;  /* allow/disallow act (1/0) */
     } XmLFolderCallbackStruct;    
.fi

pos will be set to the position of the tab (with 0 as the first tab
on the left) to activate for XmNactivateCallback callbacks.
If allowActivate is set to 0 by the callback function, the tab will not 
be activated and the attempt to activate the given tab will be rejected. 
.SS Inherited Resources
Folder inherits the resources shown below.
.nf
.ft B
Resource              From        Resource                  From
.ft P
XmNaccelerators       Core        XmNinitialResourcePersist Core
XmNancestorSensitive  Core        XmNinsertPosition         Composite
XmNbackground         Core        XmNmappedWhenManaged      Core
XmNbackgroundPixmap   Core        XmNnavagationType         Manager
XmNborderColor        Core        XmNnumChildren            Composite
XmNborderPixmap       Core        XmNscreen                 Core
XmNborderWidth        Core        XmNsensitive              Core
XmNbottomShadowColor  Manager     XmNshadowThicknses        Manager
XmNbottomShadowPixmap Manager     XmNstringDirection        Manager
XmNchildren           Composite   XmNtopShadowColor         Manager
XmNcolormap           Core        XmNtopShadowPixmap        Manager
XmNdepth              Core        XmNtranslations           Core
XmNdestroyCallback    Core        XmNtraversalOn            Manager
XmNforeground         Manager     XmNunitType               Manager
XmNheight             Core        XmNuserData               Manager
XmNhelpCallback       Manager     XmNwidth                  Core
XmNhighlightColor     Manager     XmNx                      Core
XmNhighlightPixmap    Manager     XmNy                      Core
.fi

.SS Folder Translations
Folder defines the translations shown below.

.nf
.ft B
Event            Action
.ft P
BSelect Press    XmLFolderActivate()
.fi
.SS Folder Primitive Translations
Folder overrides the translations shown below for all of
its Primitive widget children.

.nf
.ft B
Event       Action
.ft P
FocusIn     PrimitiveFocusIn() XmLFolderPrimFocusIn()
FocusOut    PrimtiveFocusOut() XmLFolderPrimFocusOut()
.fi
.SS Action Routines
Folder defines the actions shown below.
.IP XmLFolderActivate()
Activates the tab at the location of the event passed to the action routine.
.IP XmLFolderPrimFocusIn()
Draws a highlight around the given widget.
.IP XmLFolderPrimFocusOut()
Erases the highlight around the given widget.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
XmLCreateFolder(3X) XmLFolderAddBitmapTab(3X) XmLFolderAddBitmapTabForm(3X)
XmLFolderAddTab(3X) XmLFolderAddTabForm(3X) XmLFolderSetActiveTab(3X)
