.\" (c) Copyright 1994, 1995, Microline Software, Inc.  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
.\"  
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS FURNISHED UNDER A LICENSE AND MAY BE COPIED AND USED 
.\" ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THAT LICENSE AND WITH THE INCLUSION
.\" OF THE ABOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICE.  THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION, AND ITS 
.\" COPYRIGHTS ARE OWNED BY MICROLINE SOFTWARE AND ARE PROTECTED BY UNITED
.\" STATES COPYRIGHT LAWS AND INTERNATIONAL TREATY PROVISIONS.
.\"  
.\" THE INFORMATION IN THIS SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE
.\" AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY MICROLINE SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" THIS SOFTWARE AND REFERENCE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT
.\" WARRANTY AS TO THEIR PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY 
.\" PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT.  MICROLINE SOFTWARE
.\" ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS 
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" MICROLINE SOFTWARE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT. SOME 
.\" STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MIGHT NOT APPLY TO
.\" YOU.
.\" 
.\" MICROLINE SOFTWARE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR SOFTWARE
.\" ALTERED, MODIFIED, OR CONVERTED BY YOU OR A THIRD PARTY, DAMAGES
.\" RESULTING FROM ACCIDENT, ABUSE OR MISAPPLICATION, OR FOR PROBLEMS DUE
.\" TO THE MALFUNCTION OF YOUR EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE NOT SUPPLIED BY
.\" MICROLINE SOFTWARE.
.\"   
.\" U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS
.\" This Software and documentation are provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.
.\" Use, duplication or disclosure by the Government is subject to
.\" restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1) of the Rights in
.\" Technical Data and Computer Software Clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or
.\" subparagraphs (c)(1)(ii) and (2) of Commercial Computer Software -
.\" Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable, supplier is
.\" Microline Software, 41 Sutter St Suite 1374, San Francisco, CA 94104.
.\"
.TH XmLGridGetSelectedCells 3X "R1" "XML1" "XML"
.SH NAME
XmLGridGetSelectedCells \- retrieve positions of currently selected cells
.SH SYNTAX
int XmLGridGetSelectedCells(\fIwidget\fP, \fIrowPositions\fP, \
\fIcolumnPositions\fP, \fIcount\fP)
.br
Widget \fIwidget\fP;
.br
int *\fIrowPositions\fP;
.br
int *\fIcolumnPositions\fP;
.br
int \fIcount\fP;
.LP
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP \fIwidget\fP 1i
Grid widget ID
.IP \fIrowPositions\fP 1i
position of content rows
.IP \fIcolumnPositions\fP 1i
positions of content columns
.IP \fIcount\fP 1i
number of position pairs
.SH DESCRIPTION
Returns the row and column positions of the currently selected
cells. The \fIcount\fP value passed to this function must equal the
number of currently selected cells. The number of currently
selected cells can be found by calling
XmLGridGetSelectedCellCount(). The \fIrowPositions\fP and
\fIcolumnPositions\fP arrays must be allocated before calling this
function and must have enough space to hold the positions which
will be returned. This function does not allocate memory; it is
the application's responsibility to allocate and deallocate
the space used to hold the row and column positions.
.SH RETURN VALUE
0 is returned upon successful completion. A value of
-1 is returned and an error message is generated if count
does not equal the number of currently selected cells.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
XmLGridGetSelectedCellCount(3X)
