.\" (c) Copyright 1994, 1995, Microline Software, Inc.  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
.\"  
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS FURNISHED UNDER A LICENSE AND MAY BE COPIED AND USED 
.\" ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THAT LICENSE AND WITH THE INCLUSION
.\" OF THE ABOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICE.  THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION, AND ITS 
.\" COPYRIGHTS ARE OWNED BY MICROLINE SOFTWARE AND ARE PROTECTED BY UNITED
.\" STATES COPYRIGHT LAWS AND INTERNATIONAL TREATY PROVISIONS.
.\"  
.\" THE INFORMATION IN THIS SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE
.\" AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY MICROLINE SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" THIS SOFTWARE AND REFERENCE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT
.\" WARRANTY AS TO THEIR PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY 
.\" PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT.  MICROLINE SOFTWARE
.\" ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS 
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" MICROLINE SOFTWARE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT. SOME 
.\" STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MIGHT NOT APPLY TO
.\" YOU.
.\" 
.\" MICROLINE SOFTWARE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR SOFTWARE
.\" ALTERED, MODIFIED, OR CONVERTED BY YOU OR A THIRD PARTY, DAMAGES
.\" RESULTING FROM ACCIDENT, ABUSE OR MISAPPLICATION, OR FOR PROBLEMS DUE
.\" TO THE MALFUNCTION OF YOUR EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE NOT SUPPLIED BY
.\" MICROLINE SOFTWARE.
.\"   
.\" U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS
.\" This Software and documentation are provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.
.\" Use, duplication or disclosure by the Government is subject to
.\" restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1) of the Rights in
.\" Technical Data and Computer Software Clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or
.\" subparagraphs (c)(1)(ii) and (2) of Commercial Computer Software -
.\" Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable, supplier is
.\" Microline Software, 41 Sutter St Suite 1374, San Francisco, CA 94104.
.\"
.TH XmLGridWritePos 3X "R1" "XML1" "XML"
.SH NAME
XmLGridWritePos \- write the string contents of cells in a grid at a
given location into a file
.SH SYNTAX
int XmLGridWritePos(\fIwidget\fP, \fIfile\fP, \fIformat\fP,
\fIdelimiter\fP, \fIskipHidden\fP, \fIrowType\fP, \fIrow\fP, \
\fIcolumnType\fP, \fIcolumn\fP, \fInrow\fP, \fIncolumn\fP)
.br
Widget \fIwidget\fP;
.br
FILE *\fIfile\fP;
.br
int \fIformat\fP;
.br
char \fIdelimiter\fP;
.br
Boolean \fIskipHidden\fP;
.br
unsigned char \fIrowType\fP;
.br
int \fIrow\fP;
.br
unsigned char \fIcolumnType\fP;
.br
int \fIcolumn\fP;
.br
int \fInrow\fP;
.br
int \fIncolumn\fP;
.LP
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP \fIwidget\fP 1i
Grid widget ID
.IP \fIfile\fP 1i
file to write to
.IP \fIformat\fP 1i
format of the file
.IP \fIdelimiter\fP 1i
delimiter if format is XmFORMAT_DELIMITED
.IP \fIskipHidden\fP 1i
if True, skip hidden rows and columns
.IP \fIrowType\fP 1i
type of first row
.IP \fIrow\fP 1i
location of first row
.IP \fIcolumnType\fP 1i
type of first column
.IP \fIcolumn\fP 1i
location of first column
.IP \fInrow\fP 1i
number of rows
.IP \fIncolumn\fP 1i
number of columns
.SH DESCRIPTION
Writes the contents of cells in \fInrow\fP number of rows and
\fIncolumn\fP number of columns to a \fIfile\fP in the given
\fIformat\fP starting at the row and column specified by
\fIrowType\fP, \fIrow\fP, \fIcolumnType\fP, and \fIcolumn\fP. If
\fIskipHidden\fP is True, data in hidden rows or columns
will not be included. Format must be one of the following:
XmFORMAT_XL, where tabs separate columns and cell data is
possibly surrounded by double-quotes, XmFORMAT_PAD,
where columns are padded with spaces or XmFORMAT_DELIMITED,
where data is delimited by the \fIdelimiter\fP given. 
.SH RETURN VALUE
A value of 0 is returned upon success, and a value of -1 is
returned upon failure.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
XmLGridWrite(3X)
