.\" (c) Copyright 1994, 1995, Microline Software, Inc.  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
.\"  
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS FURNISHED UNDER A LICENSE AND MAY BE COPIED AND USED 
.\" ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THAT LICENSE AND WITH THE INCLUSION
.\" OF THE ABOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICE.  THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION, AND ITS 
.\" COPYRIGHTS ARE OWNED BY MICROLINE SOFTWARE AND ARE PROTECTED BY UNITED
.\" STATES COPYRIGHT LAWS AND INTERNATIONAL TREATY PROVISIONS.
.\"  
.\" THE INFORMATION IN THIS SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE
.\" AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY MICROLINE SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" THIS SOFTWARE AND REFERENCE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT
.\" WARRANTY AS TO THEIR PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY 
.\" PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT.  MICROLINE SOFTWARE
.\" ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS 
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" MICROLINE SOFTWARE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT. SOME 
.\" STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MIGHT NOT APPLY TO
.\" YOU.
.\" 
.\" MICROLINE SOFTWARE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR SOFTWARE
.\" ALTERED, MODIFIED, OR CONVERTED BY YOU OR A THIRD PARTY, DAMAGES
.\" RESULTING FROM ACCIDENT, ABUSE OR MISAPPLICATION, OR FOR PROBLEMS DUE
.\" TO THE MALFUNCTION OF YOUR EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE NOT SUPPLIED BY
.\" MICROLINE SOFTWARE.
.\"   
.\" U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS
.\" This Software and documentation are provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.
.\" Use, duplication or disclosure by the Government is subject to
.\" restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1) of the Rights in
.\" Technical Data and Computer Software Clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or
.\" subparagraphs (c)(1)(ii) and (2) of Commercial Computer Software -
.\" Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable, supplier is
.\" Microline Software, 41 Sutter St Suite 1374, San Francisco, CA 94104.
.\"
.TH XmLStringDrawDirection 3X "R1" "XML1" "XML"
.SH NAME
XmLStringDrawDirection \- draws a string in the given direction
.SH SYNTAX
void XmLStringDrawDirection(\fIdpy\fP, \fIwin\fP, \fIfontList\fP, \
\fIstring\fP, \fIgc\fP, \fIx\fP, \fIy\fP, \fIwidth\fP, \
\fIalignment\fP, \fIlayout_direction\fP, \fIdrawing_direction\fP)
.br
Display *\fIdpy\fP;
.br
Window \fIwin\fP;
.br
XmFontList \fIfontList\fP;
.br
XmString \fIstring\fP;
.br
GC \fIgc\fP;
.br
int \fIx\fP;
.br
int \fIy\fP;
.br
Dimension \fIwidth\fP;
.br
unsigned char \fIalignment\fP;
.br
unsigned char \fIlayout_direction\fP;
.br
unsigned char \fIdrawing_direction\fP;
.LP
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP \fIdpy\fP 1i
destination display
.IP \fIwin\fP 1i
destination window
.IP \fIfontList\fP 1i
font list used to draw string
.IP \fIstring\fP 1i
string to draw
.IP \fIgc\fP 1i
graphics context for drawing
.IP \fIx\fP 1i
x position
.IP \fIy\fP 1i
y position
.IP \fIwidth\fP 1i
width for alignment
.IP \fIalignment\fP 1i
alignment
.IP \fIlayout_direction\fP 1i
layout direction for drawing
.IP \fIdrawing_direction\fP 1i
direction to draw
.SH DESCRIPTION
Draws a \fIstring\fP in the direction \fIdrawing_direction\fP
using the font list \fIfontList\fP and the GC \fIgc\fP in the window
\fIwin\fP on the display \fIdpy\fP. The string is drawn at the
\fIx\fP and \fIy\fP location given.  The \fIwidth\fP parameter is
used solely for determining alignment.  The \fIalignment\fP parameter
must be one of: XmALIGNMENT_BEGINNING, XmALIGNMENT_CENTER or
XmALIGNMENT_END.  The \fIlayout_direction\fP parameter is used to
draw the string right or left for internationalization (see
XmStringDraw).  The \fIdrawing_direction\fP parameter must be one
of: XmSTRING_UP, XmSTRING_DOWN, XmSTRING_LEFT or XmSTRING_RIGHT.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
XmLStringDraw(3x), XmLPixmapDraw(3X)
